# PaymentTransfer

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**TransferReference** | **string** | Required. A partner-assigned unique reference identifier for the payment transfer. Alphanumeric and * , - . _ ~. Length 6-40. | 
**PaymentType** | Pointer to **string** | Conditional. Payment type of the transfer. The allowed payment types for the partner must be enabled by Mastercard during onboarding. If the partner is enabled for multiple payment types, the appropriate payment type must be provided. Otherwise the field is optional. Valid values: * A2A &#x3D; General Transfer to Own Account * ACO &#x3D; Agent Cash Out * C2C &#x3D; Cash to Card * CBP &#x3D; Payment of Own Credit Card Bill * P2P &#x3D; General Person-to-Person Transfer | [optional] 
**Amount** | **string** | Required. The amount to be transferred. Numeric integer, 1-999999999999. The decimal point is implied based on the relevant &#x60;currency&#x60; exponent. For example, a US Dollar $53 amount is a value of 5300. | 
**Currency** | **string** | Required. The currency of the &#x60;amount&#x60; as an ISO 4217 uppercase alpha-3 currency code; see [Country and Currency Codes](https://developer.mastercard.com/mastercard-send-person-to-person/documentation/field-uris-codes/country-currency-codes/). For example, US Dollars is USD. | 
**SenderAccountUri** | **string** | Required. URI identifying the sending account. For the allowed schemes and format, see [Account URIs](https://developer.mastercard.com/mastercard-send-person-to-person/documentation/field-uris-codes/account-uris/). See also [Funding Source](https://developer.mastercard.com/mastercard-send-person-to-person/documentation/field-uris-codes/funding-source/). | 
**Sender** | Pointer to [**Sender**](Sender.md) |  | [optional] 
**AdditionalMessage** | Pointer to **string** | Message a financial institution will associate to the transfer and may display. Details- 1-65 | [optional] 
**FundingSource** | **string** | Funding source must contain one of the following: CREDIT, DEBIT, PREPAID, DEPOSIT_ACCOUNT, MOBILE_MONEY_ACCOUNT, CASH or OTHER. | 
**TransactionPurpose** | Pointer to **string** | Purpose of the transaction. Valid values: &#39;00&#39; Family Support, &#39;01&#39; Regular Labor Transfers (expatriates), &#39;02&#39; Travel &amp; Tourism, &#39;03&#39; Education, &#39;04&#39; Hospitalization &amp; Medical Treatment, &#39;05&#39; Emergency Need, &#39;06&#39; Savings, &#39;07&#39; Gifts, &#39;08&#39; Other, &#39;09&#39; Salary, &#39;10&#39; Crowd lending, &#39;11&#39; Crypto currency, &#39;12&#39; Refund to original card, &#39;13&#39; Refund to new card. String, numeric, length 2. | [optional] 
**ParticipationId** | Pointer to **string** | Participation identifier of the sender. The receiving financial institution will associate the value to the transfer. Details- 1-30 | [optional] 
**CanadaDomesticIndicator** | Pointer to **bool** | If a Canadian OI, TI or Reseller has elected to include Debit Mastercard in scope, the value should be true. Mastercard will decline a transaction if the value is not passed as true and it is a Canada DMC (Network Response: &#39;81&#39; Domestic Debit Transaction Not Allowed). | [optional] 
**TokenCryptogram** | Pointer to [**TokenCryptogram**](TokenCryptogram.md) |  | [optional] 
**DsTransactionId** | Pointer to **string** | The Directory Server Transaction ID is generated by the EMV 3DS Mastercard Directory Server during the authentication transaction and passed back to the merchant with the authentication results ds_transaction_id allows the OI to pass the Directory Server Transaction ID during authorization in order to link authentication and authorization data. Values- ans-36 | [optional] 
**Authentication** | Pointer to [**Authentication**](Authentication.md) |  | [optional] 
**RecipientAccountUri** | **string** | Required. URI identifying the receiving account. For the allowed schemes and format, see [Account URIs](https://developer.mastercard.com/mastercard-send-person-to-person/documentation/field-uris-codes/account-uris/). | 
**Recipient** | Pointer to [**Recipient**](Recipient.md) |  | [optional] 
**PaymentOriginationCountry** | Pointer to **string** | The country where the payment originates from as an ISO 3166-1 alpha-3 country code, in uppercase. Details - Conditional. If provided, this should match a valid country configured for the partner during onboarding. If the partner is configured for multiple origination countries this field is required and must be provided. Alpha, length: 3 | [optional] 
**SanctionScreeningOverride** | Pointer to **bool** | The Sanctions Screening Service is suspended until further notice. However, you must provide the value &#39;true&#39;. | [optional] 
**ReconciliationData** | Pointer to [**ReconciliationData**](ReconciliationData.md) |  | [optional] 
**Channel** | Pointer to **string** | Initiation channel of the transfer request. This value can be defined in the onboarding process instead of passing in every call. Values: WEB, MOBILE, BANK, KIOSK. Details- Conditional | [optional] 
**StatementDescriptor** | Pointer to **string** | The statement descriptor is the value that will be displayed on the recipient&#39;s bank or card statement. It consists of two parts: the prefix and the content. The prefix is a short string typically used to identify the partner. It is defined during onboarding and the same value can be provided in the API call. If not provided in the API call, system will use the value defined in the onboarding process. The appended &lt;prefix&gt;*&lt;content&gt; will be displayed on the recipient&#39;s statement. The overall length may be at most 22 characters, including the prefix and the content. Note: While most financial institutions display this information consistently, some may display it per their discretion or not at all. Details- 1-22 | [optional] 
**DeviceId** | Pointer to **string** | The serial number of a device initiating the transfer. Details- 1-40 | [optional] 
**Location** | Pointer to **string** | Location where the transaction is initiated. | [optional] 
**FundingTransactionReference** | Pointer to [**FundingTransactionReference**](FundingTransactionReference.md) |  | [optional] 
**Participant** | Pointer to [**RequestParticipant**](RequestParticipant.md) |  | [optional] 
**TransferPriority** | Pointer to **string** | Type of payment instruction to send. Applicable for non-card only. Values: SIP - Standard immediate payment (default), FDP - Future dated payment | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewPaymentTransfer

`func NewPaymentTransfer(transferReference string, amount string, currency string, senderAccountUri string, fundingSource string, recipientAccountUri string, ) *PaymentTransfer`

NewPaymentTransfer instantiates a new PaymentTransfer object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewPaymentTransferWithDefaults

`func NewPaymentTransferWithDefaults() *PaymentTransfer`

NewPaymentTransferWithDefaults instantiates a new PaymentTransfer object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetTransferReference

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) GetTransferReference() string`

GetTransferReference returns the TransferReference field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTransferReferenceOk

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) GetTransferReferenceOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTransferReferenceOk returns a tuple with the TransferReference field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTransferReference

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) SetTransferReference(v string)`

SetTransferReference sets TransferReference field to given value.


### GetPaymentType

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) GetPaymentType() string`

GetPaymentType returns the PaymentType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPaymentTypeOk

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) GetPaymentTypeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPaymentTypeOk returns a tuple with the PaymentType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPaymentType

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) SetPaymentType(v string)`

SetPaymentType sets PaymentType field to given value.

### HasPaymentType

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) HasPaymentType() bool`

HasPaymentType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAmount

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) GetAmount() string`

GetAmount returns the Amount field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAmountOk

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) GetAmountOk() (*string, bool)`

GetAmountOk returns a tuple with the Amount field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAmount

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) SetAmount(v string)`

SetAmount sets Amount field to given value.


### GetCurrency

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) GetCurrency() string`

GetCurrency returns the Currency field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCurrencyOk

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) GetCurrencyOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCurrencyOk returns a tuple with the Currency field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCurrency

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) SetCurrency(v string)`

SetCurrency sets Currency field to given value.


### GetSenderAccountUri

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) GetSenderAccountUri() string`

GetSenderAccountUri returns the SenderAccountUri field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSenderAccountUriOk

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) GetSenderAccountUriOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSenderAccountUriOk returns a tuple with the SenderAccountUri field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSenderAccountUri

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) SetSenderAccountUri(v string)`

SetSenderAccountUri sets SenderAccountUri field to given value.


### GetSender

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) GetSender() Sender`

GetSender returns the Sender field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSenderOk

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) GetSenderOk() (*Sender, bool)`

GetSenderOk returns a tuple with the Sender field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSender

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) SetSender(v Sender)`

SetSender sets Sender field to given value.

### HasSender

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) HasSender() bool`

HasSender returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAdditionalMessage

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) GetAdditionalMessage() string`

GetAdditionalMessage returns the AdditionalMessage field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAdditionalMessageOk

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) GetAdditionalMessageOk() (*string, bool)`

GetAdditionalMessageOk returns a tuple with the AdditionalMessage field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAdditionalMessage

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) SetAdditionalMessage(v string)`

SetAdditionalMessage sets AdditionalMessage field to given value.

### HasAdditionalMessage

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) HasAdditionalMessage() bool`

HasAdditionalMessage returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetFundingSource

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) GetFundingSource() string`

GetFundingSource returns the FundingSource field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetFundingSourceOk

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) GetFundingSourceOk() (*string, bool)`

GetFundingSourceOk returns a tuple with the FundingSource field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetFundingSource

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) SetFundingSource(v string)`

SetFundingSource sets FundingSource field to given value.


### GetTransactionPurpose

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) GetTransactionPurpose() string`

GetTransactionPurpose returns the TransactionPurpose field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTransactionPurposeOk

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) GetTransactionPurposeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTransactionPurposeOk returns a tuple with the TransactionPurpose field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTransactionPurpose

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) SetTransactionPurpose(v string)`

SetTransactionPurpose sets TransactionPurpose field to given value.

### HasTransactionPurpose

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) HasTransactionPurpose() bool`

HasTransactionPurpose returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetParticipationId

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) GetParticipationId() string`

GetParticipationId returns the ParticipationId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetParticipationIdOk

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) GetParticipationIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetParticipationIdOk returns a tuple with the ParticipationId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetParticipationId

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) SetParticipationId(v string)`

SetParticipationId sets ParticipationId field to given value.

### HasParticipationId

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) HasParticipationId() bool`

HasParticipationId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCanadaDomesticIndicator

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) GetCanadaDomesticIndicator() bool`

GetCanadaDomesticIndicator returns the CanadaDomesticIndicator field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCanadaDomesticIndicatorOk

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) GetCanadaDomesticIndicatorOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetCanadaDomesticIndicatorOk returns a tuple with the CanadaDomesticIndicator field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCanadaDomesticIndicator

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) SetCanadaDomesticIndicator(v bool)`

SetCanadaDomesticIndicator sets CanadaDomesticIndicator field to given value.

### HasCanadaDomesticIndicator

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) HasCanadaDomesticIndicator() bool`

HasCanadaDomesticIndicator returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTokenCryptogram

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) GetTokenCryptogram() TokenCryptogram`

GetTokenCryptogram returns the TokenCryptogram field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTokenCryptogramOk

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) GetTokenCryptogramOk() (*TokenCryptogram, bool)`

GetTokenCryptogramOk returns a tuple with the TokenCryptogram field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTokenCryptogram

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) SetTokenCryptogram(v TokenCryptogram)`

SetTokenCryptogram sets TokenCryptogram field to given value.

### HasTokenCryptogram

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) HasTokenCryptogram() bool`

HasTokenCryptogram returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDsTransactionId

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) GetDsTransactionId() string`

GetDsTransactionId returns the DsTransactionId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDsTransactionIdOk

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) GetDsTransactionIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDsTransactionIdOk returns a tuple with the DsTransactionId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDsTransactionId

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) SetDsTransactionId(v string)`

SetDsTransactionId sets DsTransactionId field to given value.

### HasDsTransactionId

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) HasDsTransactionId() bool`

HasDsTransactionId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAuthentication

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) GetAuthentication() Authentication`

GetAuthentication returns the Authentication field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAuthenticationOk

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) GetAuthenticationOk() (*Authentication, bool)`

GetAuthenticationOk returns a tuple with the Authentication field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAuthentication

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) SetAuthentication(v Authentication)`

SetAuthentication sets Authentication field to given value.

### HasAuthentication

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) HasAuthentication() bool`

HasAuthentication returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetRecipientAccountUri

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) GetRecipientAccountUri() string`

GetRecipientAccountUri returns the RecipientAccountUri field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRecipientAccountUriOk

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) GetRecipientAccountUriOk() (*string, bool)`

GetRecipientAccountUriOk returns a tuple with the RecipientAccountUri field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRecipientAccountUri

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) SetRecipientAccountUri(v string)`

SetRecipientAccountUri sets RecipientAccountUri field to given value.


### GetRecipient

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) GetRecipient() Recipient`

GetRecipient returns the Recipient field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRecipientOk

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) GetRecipientOk() (*Recipient, bool)`

GetRecipientOk returns a tuple with the Recipient field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRecipient

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) SetRecipient(v Recipient)`

SetRecipient sets Recipient field to given value.

### HasRecipient

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) HasRecipient() bool`

HasRecipient returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPaymentOriginationCountry

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) GetPaymentOriginationCountry() string`

GetPaymentOriginationCountry returns the PaymentOriginationCountry field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPaymentOriginationCountryOk

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) GetPaymentOriginationCountryOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPaymentOriginationCountryOk returns a tuple with the PaymentOriginationCountry field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPaymentOriginationCountry

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) SetPaymentOriginationCountry(v string)`

SetPaymentOriginationCountry sets PaymentOriginationCountry field to given value.

### HasPaymentOriginationCountry

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) HasPaymentOriginationCountry() bool`

HasPaymentOriginationCountry returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSanctionScreeningOverride

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) GetSanctionScreeningOverride() bool`

GetSanctionScreeningOverride returns the SanctionScreeningOverride field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSanctionScreeningOverrideOk

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) GetSanctionScreeningOverrideOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetSanctionScreeningOverrideOk returns a tuple with the SanctionScreeningOverride field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSanctionScreeningOverride

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) SetSanctionScreeningOverride(v bool)`

SetSanctionScreeningOverride sets SanctionScreeningOverride field to given value.

### HasSanctionScreeningOverride

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) HasSanctionScreeningOverride() bool`

HasSanctionScreeningOverride returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetReconciliationData

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) GetReconciliationData() ReconciliationData`

GetReconciliationData returns the ReconciliationData field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetReconciliationDataOk

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) GetReconciliationDataOk() (*ReconciliationData, bool)`

GetReconciliationDataOk returns a tuple with the ReconciliationData field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetReconciliationData

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) SetReconciliationData(v ReconciliationData)`

SetReconciliationData sets ReconciliationData field to given value.

### HasReconciliationData

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) HasReconciliationData() bool`

HasReconciliationData returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetChannel

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) GetChannel() string`

GetChannel returns the Channel field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetChannelOk

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) GetChannelOk() (*string, bool)`

GetChannelOk returns a tuple with the Channel field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetChannel

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) SetChannel(v string)`

SetChannel sets Channel field to given value.

### HasChannel

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) HasChannel() bool`

HasChannel returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetStatementDescriptor

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) GetStatementDescriptor() string`

GetStatementDescriptor returns the StatementDescriptor field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStatementDescriptorOk

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) GetStatementDescriptorOk() (*string, bool)`

GetStatementDescriptorOk returns a tuple with the StatementDescriptor field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetStatementDescriptor

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) SetStatementDescriptor(v string)`

SetStatementDescriptor sets StatementDescriptor field to given value.

### HasStatementDescriptor

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) HasStatementDescriptor() bool`

HasStatementDescriptor returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDeviceId

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) GetDeviceId() string`

GetDeviceId returns the DeviceId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDeviceIdOk

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) GetDeviceIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDeviceIdOk returns a tuple with the DeviceId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDeviceId

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) SetDeviceId(v string)`

SetDeviceId sets DeviceId field to given value.

### HasDeviceId

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) HasDeviceId() bool`

HasDeviceId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLocation

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) GetLocation() string`

GetLocation returns the Location field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLocationOk

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) GetLocationOk() (*string, bool)`

GetLocationOk returns a tuple with the Location field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLocation

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) SetLocation(v string)`

SetLocation sets Location field to given value.

### HasLocation

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) HasLocation() bool`

HasLocation returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetFundingTransactionReference

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) GetFundingTransactionReference() FundingTransactionReference`

GetFundingTransactionReference returns the FundingTransactionReference field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetFundingTransactionReferenceOk

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) GetFundingTransactionReferenceOk() (*FundingTransactionReference, bool)`

GetFundingTransactionReferenceOk returns a tuple with the FundingTransactionReference field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetFundingTransactionReference

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) SetFundingTransactionReference(v FundingTransactionReference)`

SetFundingTransactionReference sets FundingTransactionReference field to given value.

### HasFundingTransactionReference

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) HasFundingTransactionReference() bool`

HasFundingTransactionReference returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetParticipant

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) GetParticipant() RequestParticipant`

GetParticipant returns the Participant field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetParticipantOk

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) GetParticipantOk() (*RequestParticipant, bool)`

GetParticipantOk returns a tuple with the Participant field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetParticipant

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) SetParticipant(v RequestParticipant)`

SetParticipant sets Participant field to given value.

### HasParticipant

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) HasParticipant() bool`

HasParticipant returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTransferPriority

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) GetTransferPriority() string`

GetTransferPriority returns the TransferPriority field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTransferPriorityOk

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) GetTransferPriorityOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTransferPriorityOk returns a tuple with the TransferPriority field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTransferPriority

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) SetTransferPriority(v string)`

SetTransferPriority sets TransferPriority field to given value.

### HasTransferPriority

`func (o *PaymentTransfer) HasTransferPriority() bool`

HasTransferPriority returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


